and boleros as is cannes but you have to
to be very good as always I always say
the same as me to you also four
of four
what emotion of twenty days does not
nothing is left also a few days ago
a video is made so following
can go to see a clear standard right
that without words something during the audience
and doing if it's okay I already send you a
I embrace a super hug for life that
he is also think that in his room he continues
well, well, come on, come on
some bags there are huinalá yes and
also for your best flour is already min
I think yes it must be your best friend
but not see virtue of the fatherland
well-off here buenos aires argentina will
I command a tremendous love at 2 o'clock
team can see what they say is
very fast that is not all I can
so do not get mad for god do not know
angry if it can not be yet but they go
to greet me please because he greeted us
enamel
some time ago I sent you my coffee because if not
you want to use me then headlines and
I will be under your bed and while you
you go I watch you and you have the
informant so say hello so that's one
of the messages sent to me by all
days
ah
only less than a month for the new
I decided to dedicate a season to him
video to those theories and speculations
crazy of mind that for quite some time
that are drilling my brain and without
nothing more to add I want to share
my thoughts but only related
with the ep since perverted things
I keep them for me ok
I have this theory for two years
seasons back in the great show of
crystal and it will be great and even more beastly
that he returns in search of revenge but
obviously and with another army or I think
there I spend a little or whether
find a way to return since
is very smart so continue to go back
will be even more cunning and cautious against
you put them and good as few know is my
favorite villain or without was another idea that
I have is that another great one comes back
villana nightmare 'molt well as you know
and this is confirmed
the moon princess will have a nightmare and
ponchis is a perfect opportunity
for a return of one more villain
and which has more
the effect a lot nutrition I have also
thought of in a chapter concerned
only on the background two
things was confirmed in his chapter 100 very
well I think my head is about to
never dismiss the idea of ​​sirens in
the new generation of mmp and as already
you know they came back
and why I say they returned post because
old generations had already and what
if I do not want is that there are humans
if that happened, I would not
it would cause grace
good, you know how laughter is
everyone knows her very well and how
we miss but this theory is what
closer is to be realized and for
what do I say this because there is going to be a new
character in this season and yes yes yes
they hit a tap let's say this
speculation up so far the turn
of life and finally what he most speculated
theorized about the ep or let's say bing and
for and is this
or leave
how
just like two years left for the new
sing season and I want to tell you
that for the next video I have thought
a top but not in any top yes yes yes
what all the best are thinking
dml background character but good at
I'm going to direct you to the post
number one then very simple you will have two
say for each comment is
You can choose two ponies giving him a
vote to each one or just choose a single
put and you will have two votes ok no need
clarify that nothing of characters
principals or princesses
so with nothing else to load start at
comment below that after the
week I will count the votes already
from that I will make the beautiful top safe
and until next time they expect almost
I forgot matti has something to say
I take them
if you do not like it very much
Share it with your friends and subscribe to
My channel is good in Asia until the
next video
Hello